man so first we had over 9000 now we
have Vegeta SS 1000 what is it with
dragon ball haha everyone's fucking
obsessed with dragon ball still shit man
I was done with that in the 90s
oh oh I didn't know the ultra an
absolutely nothing happened to light for
the fucking lightful
what is he doing that junk ohhhhh shit
for it oh my god nice right through oh
no it hit me I thought it was gonna go
through papeete which we tried to do
something there may be a dry why is
doing avila I'm gonna keep punishing it
nice
oh my god
oh no oh my god I think he killed me oh
my god so random well it wasn't random
he was waiting for it well he's not very
good I could have definitely beat him if
I played a lot more patiently I was just
getting very impatient I'll see how many
points like fucking lose 78 I play that
guy again I'm just gonna hook and turtle
the shit out of them